perhaps the laziest form of YouTube
video to record is the response to
questions and comments from viewers the
least effort I don't even have to write
a script not that I ever write a script
what has been four years since I wrote a
script in this channel a couple of the
videos about Buddhist philosophy we're
scripted and I can tell I think watching
it I think you can tell - oh I'm gonna
go through this long message from Eric G
that I just got as a youtube comment I
think it's hilarious though just to jump
into the middle of this at one point
what he says to me here is how dare you
offer him unasked-for advice that it's
implicitly insulting that I am giving
Richard advice he didn't ask for what
percentage of Richards videos consist of
Richard giving other people advice and
what percentage of those videos include
insults insults of other sexuality
insults of other physique their
appearance threats challenges to a
boxing match or MMA match threats of a
fistfight threats of violence having
guns and knives on camera it wasn't just
rap scene on there a whole bunch of
other people that guy bearing grade a
under a I I can't can't believe me and I
was I haven't even watched every video
what cheap unrequested advice that's a
when he was trying to make it seem like
none of this was his fault vegan gains
describe his channel is like a science
education channel I think a better
description of what vegan gains does on
camera would be on request advice
insulting denigrating unrequested advice
that's a pretty good summary of vegan
his channel and he gives a request
advice to everyone including me so it's
not really that unreasonable that I
would give advice that such as hey have
you thought about reading a book have
you thought about if you want to make a
career out of you know health and
nutrition education formerly studying
and getting credentials in health
nutrition
does anyone else okay does anyone else
remember when when science minded
egon Gaines tried to cure his
self-diagnosed psychopathy by taking
hallucinogenic drugs anyone and he's a
real man of science that do what what
medical science textbook do you think
that the guy that does anyone else -
remember when he got his hands on the
coroner's report from the death of a
certain bodybuilder who's rich Piana
and he tried to interpret the medical
opinion in the coroner's report it got
it compl if he has no training he has no
education of that kind what he has is
reckless faith in his own brilliance and
yes it's the role of critics like me to
point out that some of that faith may
just be a little bit misplaced no um
before I read this comment from our team
we implied you let me just say let me
just a minute
some people think I'm obsessed with with
vegan gains some people think some
people think that this is personal for
me let's say I get a phone call from the
police in Toronto that say my mom has
been murdered and do I know any suspects
if I get that call tomorrow you know I
told the police a whole lot of things
about my mom I'd cooperate with the
police well you know what I'd say
honestly vegan gains probably the most
likely suspect my mom lives in Toronto
vegan gains let's draw the only reason I
think vegan gains would not murder me in
Taiwan is that he's lazy
he's unfamiliar with international
travel he doesn't take international
flights at the drop of a hat he just
doesn't have that much experience and
it's it's it is a real pain in the neck
that kind of long long distance travel
and um there was a third reason what's
mine oh oh he's busy taking care of his
dogs and his rabbits that was the third
reason I think he's very reluctant to
make long trips because he's he is very
committed to raising his pets including
buying meat and in serving serving dead
animals to his bit
but sure I I totally think vegan gains
would would kill my mom and I think he'd
kill her over this why do I think that
well this is part of it if you say to me
is this personal how personal is this
for you aisel you know I've was there's
no point in this channels history where
I was not criticizing vegan gains
there's no point in the channel says oh
it wasn't somewhat harshly operating and
approaching being gains and offering
some kind of unasked-for advice for how
we should improve this is true but
nevertheless you know we'll give you one
example at one point he said to me um he
was just so furious at this other
youtuber over a trivial trivial dispute
it's not even the case of this other
youtuber criticize Richard Richard flew
off the handle and he was really writing
to me that he wanted to beat this guy up
and punch him in the face and I forget
if he specifically said he wanted to see
his blood or his bloody face but it was
that kind of you know violent rant it
was over it was over nothing I mean it
was honestly honestly there was no
justification for this frankly murderous
rage from Richard nothing like the reps
Ian situation there's a way lower level
of provocation and you know at that time
again I mean I tried to kind of be nice
and encouraging to Richard and I offered
him criticism and guy it's like a great
example is the feeding feeding dead
animals to your dog thing like I was
harsh
but you know I didn't just tell him to
go [ __ ] himself I didn't just insult him
or something I really said look you're
still killing animals
whether you buy meat to feed it to your
dog or to feed yourself like let's
really deal with this so you know I have
I haven't violated my own my own ethical
code but I can remember writing back and
just joking and saying well look Richard
you know I'm gonna be in in Toronto soon
you know if you want to we can do an MMA
match and I'll wear a mask like I just
imagined printing out of a color printer
like a photograph of the other youtuber
you look a hole up where the boxing
gloves you can you know you can very
good to be like a joke video now you
know that was a nice thing to say it's
also whatever it's I'm legit offer if
you want it to a whacky video or
something I was
tomorrow but sure now I look back at
those kinds of things and I regret it I
regret it because at that time I assumed
I in an earlier stage
I believed Richards excuse that most of
this stuff was just satire and now I do
not believe that excuse as I have
explained repeatedly and most of these
videos were talking about isn't it some
of his videos are setting these clips
we've all been playing we've all been
seeing the reason for his channel being
deleted the threats of violence all
these reactions him sitting down and
talking to you but the extent to which
he suffers from hallucination etc real
signs of dementia real signs of insanity
by the strictest legal definition and
insane rage paranoia what he calls
anxiety but he specifically said someone
walking up to him and talking to him in
public and him reacting to that
face-to-face in real life with the
feeling that this person was trying to
kill him and wanting to defend himself
wanting to hurt the person that he said
just when he meets people in public when
he has trivial interactions he's
fighting to restrain a violent defensive
urge based on a paranoia delusion he's
talked about all that stuff and I've
said many many times I appreciate for
other people who have those struggles in
the audience I appreciate that he's
doing something brave and generous and
courageous and talking about that if my
mother gets murdered in downtown Toronto
tomorrow and the police asked me do you
know anyone who's likely to have
actually killed your mom or Richard
you're on the top of the list I you know
there are other suspects I could throw
in a couple jokes here that nobody else
would get but there are other suspects
but yeah Richard that's that's what I'd
say so you know is this personal you
know do I care yeah you know I feel
tainted by that kind of thing where I
look back at that and think wow as much
as I stood up to Richard publicly and as
much as I privately tried to kind of
influence him to go on a pope probably
going
positive direction I regret that I
didn't just stand up way more harsh with
him and you guys know if you following
him there are so many other issues like
the racism issue the Cory McCarthy I
never let up on that in private messages
I never stopped writing to him saying
look Richard these people you are in bed
with are like literally white
supremacists they are just as bad as
neo-nazis technically they're not
neo-nazis not really explain why but
they are white supremacists they openly
say they want to kick all the black
people out of can in the United States
like this is their agenda but just leave
look like I remember screenshotting the
front page of their website I was like
did you actually read the front page the
about page of this website like do you
know what you're supporting Richard all
those issues I was pushing him on
naturally can I push someone so far
they're not Indian they're only listened
to so much harsh criticism but sure
looking back I wish I was harsher I wish
I was realer I wish I had said even more
than I did
no Richard this is totally acceptable
and the Dinu maltol this is flicked up
the final or penultimate conflict
unanimous she made up a series of videos
that were an absolute tissue of lies
full of rape allegations oh you think
it's harmless having someone on YouTube
who's overtly insane and has paranoid
delusions and hallucinations you think
there's just no harm that he can be a
great entertainer
maybe if Richard did stand-up comedy you
know there's been a lot of stand-up
comics who were like more or less
medically insane but it managed to keep
it together sure you can be a creative
person with serious mental impairments
there are lots of examples of that in
history but you know what it really is
the hard limit to this is illustrated by
that series of videos Richard made and
they didn't just repeat lies from noir
vegan in important ways they actually
discarded the the narrative noir vegan
tried to grade and it created its own
narrative completely based on lies step
by step by step what he was presenting
is wrong and how does he respond to me
saying to him look I both their things I
know directly here and there also things
you could know if you just watched
carefully what was in noir vegans video
and you noted down the inconsistencies
he just okay when did this happen if you
just could think rationally and clearly
about
why someone is trying to manipulate you
into thinking during Ryder has this
condition NPD narcissism with such
compelling evidence as short snippets of
YouTube videos made by some guy who
broke up with his ex-girlfriend and who
claims his ex-girlfriend was a
narcissist like this is you know this is
the like medical forensic psychological
evidence completely laughable diagnosis
of him is that with having an MPD and
then trying to construe that because he
defended himself against rape
allegations he must be worth it's
shameful its base and it's low and it's
wrong and Richard you didn't just jump
on that bandwagon you took it further
with your own lies you say you
apologized you didn't apologize anyone
you didn't apologize for me to me and
think of what you're accusing me of
you're accusing me of covering up a rape
you're accusing me of being complicit in
a crime committed by durianrider
in a fake narrative you put on the
Internet yeah I care
yeah it's personal it says this as real
as it gets
and there were revealed disadvantages to
having a social and political movement
like veganism led by a maniac like vegan
gains there were disadvantages to having
gary yourofsky before wake up it matters
it matters that vegan gains is stupid it
matters that he's a maniac it matters
that he makes death threats and
fistfight threats at MMA threats against
all these people it's not just him
that's out of control it's the whole
vegan movement that's out of control
because that's what we've been led by
for the last five years idiots like
vegan gains and gary yourofsky and we
can do better
Erik ji wrote him quote I support
Richard on this he was within his legal
rights that's why he got the weapons
back are you against people legally
owning and collecting firearms and toy
weapons question mark maybe you should
move to Communist China irony of ironies
I have lived in communist China for
longest time maybe check out some of the
videos on the channel I lived in
communist China most recently right on
the border with
Myanmar northern Myanmar where there's
an ongoing civil war while we were there
and it was completely peaceful there
were no guns in the streets there were
no drugs in the streets even though
there are literally warlords with
machine guns dealing heroin dealing
opium to fund their civil war like one
mile away across the border in that part
of Myanmar yes Communist China has a
remarkably high quality of law Nora they
have remarkably effective drug control
and gun control yes and unfortunately
they do not have democracy or freedom of
speech but sure there were elements of
communist China I am very much impressed
by an ephah even the harshest critic
yeah you're right I really I really was
happier living in communist China than
living in Toronto Canada and I'd rather
move back to Communist China than
Toronto no doubt quote just because he
has mental problems doesn't mean he
shouldn't own weapons do you think blind
people should get driver's licenses how
about people who openly stayed on film
they have paranoid delusions violent
fantasies they have instinctual violent
reactions that they want to stab and
kill people just the hallucinations
alone do you think that someone who has
the symptoms the checklist of symptoms
that vegan gains has should be able to
own and carry a gun do you think they
should be able to own and carry a knife
as they walk around with the paranoid
delusions he has that he says when
people try to talk to him or hug him or
say kiss and he thinks they're gonna
kill him and he reacts and he
hallucinates he has serious problems
hallucinations and anxiety attacks and
responding to anxiety with violence that
that sounds like a good idea to you you
tell me you tell me one country in the
world where you can get a gun license if
you have if you have these these centers
every country in the world I know there
are gonna be exceptions I mean if you go
through sub-saharan Africa to go through
countries where there are barely any
laws there are gonna be exceptions but
you know what pretty much every country
in Europe North America you have to you
have to go through some kind of a test
to prove that you are not insane that
you are not hallucinating and if you do
have a record indicating that you are
hallucinating
I had the started sanity then buying a
firearm is going to be kind of difficult
for you okay
quote he is not a violent offender and
as such is legally [ __ ] you're not
from Canada do you have any idea the
weapons laws are Canada that's hilarious
in Canada you don't have the right to
own a goddamn thing okay we have no
right to own weapons in Canada and
Richard knows that and he's even calmly
the donating videos okay good luck
so who quote she can do what he wants
with his money you talk about him
skirting around the law by carrying a
knife in Canada if you don't have intent
to do harm with it then it's not illegal
as he spent really you're not from
Canada bro in Canada if you're literally
carrying a knife inside the plastic this
is Ontario I grew up in Ontario grew up
in Toronto in the side the plastic and
cardboard wrapping with the price tag on
it and you have the receipt and it's in
a shopping bag and you're on your way
from the grocery store to your home it's
still illegal that's the law in Ontario
you can still be arrested for carrying a
knife and get guess why because you can
be going to an altercation you can
intentionally keep the receipt in the
shopping bag and tell the police officer
of an officer okay you're dead wrong in
Ontario you can be arrested for carrying
a flashlight as a weapon I know sorry
you're just making things up and no he
is trying to in that clip he is trying
to to violate the law what do you want
to say and you know good luck if you
want to establish that you don't have
intent to do harm when you're carrying a
knife after you get that church tell it
to the judge
that's what we all have to do I mean
maybe look I'm a critic of
Canadian law and order but that's what
you have to do in Canada if you were
arrested for carrying a knife under
whatever circumstances you would have to
tell it to the judge that you had a
legitimate reason to be carrying that
knife and just look at the knife he's
showing you in that video it's a
butterfly knife you think any judge
would agree like oh yeah that's to cut
up that's to cut up an orange or an
apple clearly no I don't know any judge
that naive I've really done it maybe
luck out Richard maybe you'd get
community service be lucky ah being
lucky is a lot better than being violent
it's a lot better than being dishonest
not everyone gets to be lucky if you
have a problem with this then it's not a
problem with Richard it's a problem with
Canadian law he didn't do anything wrong
here these are just your political
opinions you quit as I love you
criticize him for wasting time playing
video games but you admittedly let your
daughter play video games so it's okay
for children to waste their time and not
adults that seems like a hypocritical
position my daughter is five years old
what do you think my daughter is gonna
do while riding on the train from Dijon
to the Cote d'Azur my daughter really
cannot sit down and crack open the
textbooks and start reading Aristotle
and Cicero with me okay yeah you're
right I don't encourage my daughter to
play video games all the time or
something but you know what there's a
difference between being five and being
25 yeah there is as I say there's a time
to uh to to take on more adult you know
responsibilities so the cool continues
how about soccer games or chess games
are these a waste of time as well are
people who play chess acting childish
and need to grow up well you really have
me on the ropes there buddy
what about complex video games that
require problem solving communication or
math problems dude like just plus you
must realize you're making excuses here
it's just why why make excuses
just stop like there's an alternative to
making excuse any time you're deep into
making excuses like this you know just
think about what it is it's motivating
this behavior what is you're making
excuses for there's an alternative to
living a lie right
okay are these a total childish waste of
time I'm continuing the quote do you
never do anything unproductive during
the day to unwind and release stress why
nitpick him so much playing video games
can open up his channel to a younger
audience which is probably part of the
reason why he has way more subs than you
video games and dark humor are appealing
to young people what's immature and
childish to you is funny and
entertaining to someone else you guys
have different approaches both are good
so the final final paragraph of this
quotation your approach of nitpicking
him and constantly talking down about
him he's incredibly condescending how
many years did I try to positively
engage the guy years give it years I
took a positive approach with a lot of
these people including you guys know
people like little cheetah
I took a positive conciliatory
constructive approach with a lot of
people I don't really have common ground
with for the for the but for the feature
of the movement you know I doubt you did
Eric I doubt you've made any of the
positive ever said it so it wasn't all
criticism really wasn't as mention an
hour credit I wish I wish had basically
been I wish I basically have been
harsher with a guy because I feel as I
say I now feel life acquainted voices
okay quote giving him life advice that
he never asked for such as you have to
put away childish things and develop
self-discipline yeah vegan gains the
Internet's number one channel on giving
people life advice that is unasked-for